and Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah
had done also how he had executed all
the prophets with the sword then Jezebel
sent a messenger to Elijah so let the
gods do to me and more also if I do not
make your life as the life of one of
them by tomorrow about this time and
when he saw that he arose and ran for
his life and went to Beersheba
which belongs to Judah and left his
servant there but he himself went a
day's journey into the wilderness and
came and sat down under a broom tree and
he prayed that he might die
and it's enough now Lord take my life I
am no better than my father's
then as he lay and slept under a broom
tree suddenly an angel touched him arise
and eat then he looked and there by his
head was a cake baked on coals and a jar
of water so he ate and drank and laid
down again and the angel of the Lord
came back the second time and touched
him and sadly her eyes need because the
journey is too great for you so he arose
and ate and drank and he went in the
strength of that food forty days and
forty nights
as far as her wrath the mountain of God
and there he went into a cave and spent
the night in that place and behold the
word of the Lord came to him what are
you doing here enlarged
I have been very zealous for the Lord
God of hosts for the children of Israel
have forsaken your covenant torn down
your altars and killed your prophets
with the sword I alone have left and
they seek to take my life go out and
stand on the mountain before the Lord
and behold the Lord passed by and a
great and strong wind tore into the
mountains and broke the rocks in pieces
before the Lord
but the Lord was not in the wind and
after the wind and earthquake
the Lord was not an earthly and after
the earthquake a fire the Lord was not
in the fire and after the fire a still
small verse
so it was an Elijah heard it that he
wrapped his face in his mantle and went
out and stood in the entrance of the
cave suddenly a voice came to him
[Music]
what are you doing here
I have been very Seles for the Lord God
of hosts because the children of Israel
have was sake in your covenant torn down
your altars and killed your prophets
with the sword I alone am left and they
seek to take my life go return on your
way to the wilderness of Damascus and
when you arrive anoint Hazael as king of
a city also you shall anoint ji-hyun the
son of nimshi as king over israel and
elisha the son of shaphat of abel Mahalo
you shall anoint his prophet in your
place it shall be that whoever escapes
the sword of has a G you will kill and
whoever escapes the sword of Jehu Elijah
will kill yet I have reserved seven
thousand in Israel all whose knees have
not bowed to ban and every month that
has not kissed
so he departed from there and found
elisha the son of shaphat who was
plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before
him and he was with the twelve
then Elijah passed by him and threw his
mantle on him and he left the oxen and
ran after Elijah please let me kiss my
father and my mother and then I will
follow you go back again for what have I
done to you so Elijah turned back from
him and took a yoke of oxen and
slaughtered them and boiled their flesh
using the auxins equipment and gave it
to the people and they ate then he arose
and followed Elijah and became his
servant
[Music]